# Engineering-103-Final
This is an arduino pattern matching game. You will select a difficulty level where a max score to beat is set. The arduino will show a color, and then give you 3 seconds to match it. If you get it correct it will add another color and so on until either you get it wrong, or you beat the difficulty level selected.
Rules: To begin the game, make sure you are in a well lit environment and the slide switch is set to the left. It will begin on a blue pattern, and click any button to start. You will then select the difficulty you want to play on by clicking the right button to cycle through, and the left button to continue to the game. The game will then begin, and the arduino will display a color and a sound to make it easier to remember. After the color is showed you have 3 seconds to click the sensors in the corner that was lit up by the game. If it was correct, an additional color will be added to the pattern, continuing until you beat the level or get it incorrect and the game ends. To restart the game hit the restart button. Good luck!
Inputs: The inputs of this game are the left and right buttons, the slide switch, light sensor, and the capacitant sensors. The left and right button allow you to switch between levels. The slide switch allows you to play the game or not, where if it is off then a pattern plays and the game does not run. The light sensor works along with the switch to allow you to play the game, because it is loud and annoying and we would not want someone playing it at night and bothering people. The cap sensors detect the input of the player to match the pattern displayed by the arduino.
Outputs: The outputs of this game are the Arduino Neopixels, and sound.
